Update IntelliSense docs to mention indexing and auto imports behaviours and settings (#5637)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/python/editing.md

## Autocomplete and IntelliSense

IntelliSense is a general term for code editing features that relate to code completion. Take a moment to look at the example below. When **print** is typed, notice how IntelliSense populates auto-completion options. The user is also given a list of options when they begin to type the variable named **greeting**.

![Hello World Example for IntelliSense](images/editing/hello-world.gif)

Autocomplete and IntelliSense are provided for all files within the current working folder. They're also available for Python packages that are installed in standard locations.

### Auto Imports

>  Pylance offers auto import suggestions for modules on your workspace and/or packages you have installed on your environment. This enables import statements to be conviniently added automatically as you're typing.

Reviewer: In instead of on? And a typo.
```suggestion
 Pylance offers auto import suggestions for modules in your workspace and/or packages you have installed in your environment. This enables import statements to be conveniently added automatically as you're typing.
```

>  Pylance offers auto import suggestions for modules in your workspace and/or packages you have installed in your environment. This enables import statements to be conveniently added automatically as you're typing.

Reviewer 2: Nit: Is there a leading space on this paragraph and the next?

### Troubleshooting IntelliSense

For autocomplete and IntelliSense issues, check the following causes:

| Cause | Solution |
| --- | --- |

> | Pylance seems slow or consuming too much memory when working on a large workspace. | If there are subfolders you know can be excluded from Pylance's analysis, you can add their path to the `python.analysis.exclude` setting to see if performance improves. Alternatively, you can try setting  `python.analysis.indexing` to `false` to disable Pylance's indexer (**Note**: this will also impact the experience of completions and auto imports. Learn more about indexing in [code analysis settings](/docs/python/settings-reference.md#code-analysis-settings)).  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Pylance seems slow or consuming is too much memory when working on a large workspace. | If there are subfolders you know can be excluded from Pylance's analysis, you can add their paths to the `python.analysis.exclude` setting to see if performance improves. Alternatively, you can try setting `python.analysis.indexing` to `false` to disable Pylance's indexer (**Note**: this will also impact the experience of completions and auto imports. Learn more about indexing in [code analysis settings](/docs/python/settings-reference.md#code-analysis-settings)).  |
```

> | Pylance seems slow or consuming is too much memory when working on a large workspace. | If there are subfolders you know can be excluded from Pylance's analysis, you can add their paths to the `python.analysis.exclude` setting to see if performance improves. Alternatively, you can try setting `python.analysis.indexing` to `false` to disable Pylance's indexer (**Note**: this will also impact the experience of completions and auto imports. Learn more about indexing in [code analysis settings](/docs/python/settings-reference.md#code-analysis-settings)).  |

Reviewer 2: typo: "is consuming too much memory"

> | Pylance is only offering top-level symbol options when adding imports. | Try increase the depth to which Pylance can index your installed libraries through the `python.analysis.packageIndexDepths`. Check [code analysis settings](/docs/python/settings-reference.md#code-analysis-settings).     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Pylance is only offering top-level symbol options when adding imports. | Try increasing the depth to which Pylance can index your installed libraries through the `python.analysis.packageIndexDepths`. Check [code analysis settings](/docs/python/settings-reference.md#code-analysis-settings).     |
```

## Quick Fixes

> The add imports Quick Fix when using Pylance allows you to quickly complete import statements. First, begin by typing a package name within the editor. You will notice a Code Action is available to automatically complete the line of source code (as long as you have the module installed within the environment). Hover over the text (marked with a squiggle) and then select the Code Action light bulb when it appears. You can then select from a list of potential imports.

Reviewer 2: Will "add imports" show up as "Add Imports" in the Quick Fix UI?
Also if "Add Imports" is a string in the UI, we usually make UI strings bold.

Author: Hmm good point, they don't. It shows as "add <package name>":
 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45497113/195459639-a4f040c1-1fb9-4792-bbc9-a76c189fd016.png)

Does it make sense to reference it as `"add imports" Quick Fix`?

Reviewer 2: I see, the UI string varies and it isn't really a command or action name so I think leaving it as "The add imports Quick Fix" is good.
